Deprecate for WeakRefString's InlineString (#56)
JuliaString/ShortStrings.jl: README.md

## ShortStrings
| ⚠️ Notice ⚠️ |
| --- |
| **ShortStrings.jl is deprecated** |

> | [WeakRefString.jl's `InlineString`](https://github.com/JuliaData/WeakRefStrings.jl#inlinestring) is the same idea, but a more complete implementation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [InlineStrings.jl's `InlineString`](https://github.com/JuliaData/InlineStrings.jl) is the same idea, but a more complete implementation. |
```

Reviewer: I split out the InlineString code into its own package: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/pull/45335
